Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
OFF-LINED
ALARM
Yes. motherfucker. yes!
Let's go. Victoria!
What is it. Vicky?
I got an email from Cloudsystems.
They chose me as head of programming.
Are you kidding?
No. this is my best moment.
Vicky. Victoria.
Video conference in half an hour.
-Didn't you see it?
-I hadn't.
VICENTE
CALLING
The phone is ringing. Give it to me.
But I just sat down.
-Vicente is calling.
-What?
-Vicente.
-Hi. Vicky. how are you?
I'm busy. I'm going to a meeting.
What's up?
I'm heading over in five.
Over where?
What do you mean?
Your house with the kids.
Why?
My God. Vicky. have you forgotten?
Yes. No. I remember perfectly.
You're going to Panama.
The kids are staying here.
You could've told me through WhatsApp.
I've been sending you messages
the past three weeks.
Yes. I saw them. but couldn't they stay
at your mom's house?
My mom died last year.
That was a low blow. I'm sorry.
You never got along with her.
Remember when she asked you
for money and then played dumb?
It's four days. Unless you don't want
your kids to stay with you?
Of course I do.
They're my kids. I love them.
I was waiting for them.
I thought they'd come earlier. but...
I have everything ready.
I'm waiting for them. Come whenever.
Remember. Julián is having problems
at school. I told you that.
Yes. I know. in biology.
He doesn't understand mitochondria.
-Math. Vicky.
-That's right. math. the hypotenuse.
It's all good. I'll take care of it.
Before you hang up.
please limit their screen time.
-They're addicted.
-We're on the same page.
No screens. I'll take care of it.
-Okay.
-Relax. Bye.
-Vicky. can I ask you something?
-Yes.
Who's taking the kids to school?
Uber. Easytaxi. Cabify...
I don't know. DiDi. Beat...
Who will cook for them?
PedidosYa. Glovo. Uber Eats...
I don't know. Cornershop...
Homework?
For homework. there's Wikipedia. Google.
YouTube. Duolingo. TED Talks.
-I can relate to you.
-Really?
I had a horrible mom too.
I'm not a horrible mom. Ángela.
I'm a modern mom. which is different.
Really. I know about situations like that.
My dad was awful to me.
He made my life impossible.
My relationship
with Vicente was awful as well.
He always acted superior
because he was successful
and earned money.
He rubbed it in your face.
belittled you because he's an asshole.
Victoria! By God! I can hear you!
But a good asshole. A good dad.
Just so that it's clear.
He's always been a great dad
and I appreciate that.
I'd love to tell you that more often.
Okay. bye.
Bye? Where are you going? The meeting
is in 20 minutes. Let's tidy up.
I'm just stopping by.
Ángela. you've been here for two years.
If you need me. I'm on my phone.
Instagram. Messenger. Facebook. DM.
Dear. cheer up.
There is absolutely nothing I can do.
Please. it's four days.
Four days will fly by.
It's your mom. by God.
put your thumb up.
Perfect. great.
Vicky Gallo in Chilean.
Don't worry. I speak Spanish too.
Good. I was getting all sweaty. Good.
This opportunity is wonderful.
I have many abilities.
I'm responsible and organized.
Organization is my thing.
You know we demand
a high level of commitment. right?
You will have it. As a programmer.
my commitment is at 100%.
The other candidate told us
the same thing. that she's available 24/7.
There's another candidate?
Well. I'm more available. 26/7.
Victoria. what's up?
Does Ángela still live here?
-She doesn't want to share her room.
-I told you I wanted the bed on top.
I'm in a meeting. Leave. please.
I'm so sorry.
Don't worry.
I know what having kids is like.
They're not mine.
They're my niece and nephew.
Let me mute myself for a second.
I am busy in an important meeting. Out!
Leave. we'll sort this out later.
Close the door nice and hard.
There we go. So sorry.
Okay. the final decision will be conveyed
today at 9:00 p.m. Chile time.
You'll receive an email
stating the chosen programmer.
At 9:00 p.m. I'll be on standby.
I'll do more than that.
I'll be checking all the time.
Sounds good. I'll log off now.
It's a saying. I never log off.
I'm online 28/7. Okay. thanks. bye.
-Hey. come on.
-No.
You look great! I love having you here.
I've been waiting for you for weeks.
I was ordering everything.
I put a blouse on. all for you! Hugs!
You're big all over. Big curls. big head.
big size. everything.
Wait. I just have to put
a name here...
VICKY HAS CREATED THE GROUP "4 DAYS"
There. I made a Whatsapp group
so we can be connected.
"Okay. Mom." I love hearing you guys.
Send me an emoticon.
even if it's just a wink.
The first rule
of this house goes like this...
Exactly. there's nothing
because there are no rules in this house.
Mom is cool! Mom is awesome!
I know! There are no rules.
You can use your cell phone all you want.
If they run out of battery. no problem.
there are chargers here.
there. in the bedroom. everywhere.
Chargers. may nothing go uncharged.
Mom. did you change the Wi-Fi password?
Yes. now it's "You messed up
if you want to steal my Internet."
Messed with a capital M. okay?
Look. come to the bedroom.
-It's not working.
-Steal is with an S.
Got it.
Well. here is your bedroom.
Don't worry. Ángela will sleep with me.
That's how it goes.
Hey.
-Who is that?
-Move your legs!
-Victoria. so rough!
-How heavy!
There are the beds.
Who will sleep in which one?
-Me up top!
-No. I sleep up top!
-I said it first!
-But I'm 15 and you're 9.
-That's a three year difference.
-The math thing is true.
-What?
-Nothing.
Victoria! Where do I put my clothes?
It's four days. Keep them in your bag.
I have a walk-in closet at home.
You have it here too.
It's not a walk-in. but you have a closet.
Yeah. yeah.
But the walk-in part
is walking over. Walking.
How will we get to school?
YOUR BICYCLE HAS BEEN UNLOCKED!
Here. These two here are unlocked.
Have a nice day.
I love you. See you later.
-You're not coming?
-Me?
I'm not prepared. I don't have shoes on.
I have to work.
I have to deliver a website.
We don't know how to get to school.
What is GPS for? Why does it exist?
Okay.
I'll go with you. But only this once.
It's very easy. You'll see.
You put the school's name in the GPS...
What's it called?
-Santa Cecilia.
Just kidding! How would I not know?
It's written on the seal. Obviously.
There it is. Santa Cecilia.
No humor. We'll work on that.
-I'll grab this. Those are yours.
-I call this one.
For lunch. buy something at the stand.
I have no money.
Tell them you'll pay tomorrow.
-I love you.
-Bye.
Ma'am! Good morning. Julián.
Are you his mom?
-You are...
-Alejandra.
Alejandra...
Your son Julián's teacher.
Yes. the teacher. You're new. right?
No. I've always been here.
I don't know if you're aware
of how poorly he's been doing
in math all year long.
Yes. I got the note.
I signed the notebook.
We sent an email.
By email. I meant
I signed it electronically.
I'm aware. but it's not that serious.
Who hasn't had problems with math?
And he's young. He's 10 years old!
I'm 9 years old.
See how good he is with numbers?
He's attentive.
As we said in the report.
your son has only gotten bad grades.
The final exam is coming.
If he fails. he'll repeat the year.
The whole year?
Yes. he'd fail the entire year.
not just part of it.
In fact. I'm concerned.
The best app for math is Math Professor.
And we're downloading it.
So. hashtag. we'll turn this thing around.
You think Julián will do better
in math with an application?
It all adds up.
Since we're talking about math.
it all adds up.
-I get it.
-I'll see you in the afternoon.
You're in your best moment.
You look your best.
Right now. Take care.
-Victoria.
-Vicky.
-Pizza.
-Thank you.
Wait. Five stars. Better than a tip.
-Victoria?
-Vicky.
-Sushi.
-Thank you. Five stars!
I don't know if the tempura is warm.
Please pass the ketchup?
Ketchup. please.
Hey.
What an enriching chat. but I'm tired.
I'm going to bed.
Get some rest. Brush your teeth.
That's a lie.
She's going to look at her inbox.
Ángela. I'm in that group too.
ÁNGELA WAS REMOVED FROM THE GROUP
You removed me!
Yes.
REFRESH
You never answered me.
Are you coming to Arica?
Yes. well...
I'd love to. But it's hard to get there.
You'll miss the big party.
Yes?
And when would that be?
Next month. Think about that.
REFRESH
MAIL LOADING
-What the hell?
-What's up with the Internet?
I don't know. looks like it's down.
I'm checking. Wait. No problem.
What's going on?
I'm checking. I'll restart the router.
There. it's back. No. it's not.
What's up? There's no Internet.
I'm trying to figure it out.
My phone isn't loading.
It's like it's dead.
Mine neither. dear.
Can't you see my email won't open.
-Dammit!
-Damn. we're screwed.
No. we're not. Let's calm down.
Let's breathe. It's all good.
Ángela. go look for candles.
When did we buy candles?
Okay. put them on the list.
It's back! We're good. It's back.
-No signal.
Ask the neighborhood chat
if anything happened.
There's no Internet.
so I don't have Whatsapp.
I don't have it.
It's all good.
I'll go talk to the neighbors.
See you later. Calm down.
Hi. I'm from apartment 75.
Do you have Internet?
Hi. Can you ask your mom
if you have Internet?
Hi. I'm your neighbor. Internet?
Oh. hi. Victoria.
Hello. Mr... Neighbor from apartment 77.
How are you? Do you have Internet?
No.
Neither do we.
It seems like no one on this floor does.
No. I've never had it.
-Never?
-Never.
-Never ever?
-Never ever.
Never ever ever?
Never ever ever.
MAIL LOADING
YOU ARE NOT CONNECTED
It seems that all
the geostationary satellites
stopped working
because of a solar eruption.
which has caused irreparable damage
to the lines that provide Internet.
Professor. we know
the last big solar storm was in 1859.
But this one is far worse.
What happened?
How will this explosion
affect life on the planet?
Well. life will be severely disrupted.
The television still works.
but the Internet. which is basic. doesn't.
Cellphones are out of reception.
They don't work.
So now I'm disconnected.
As this digital blackout continues.
all flights. domestic and international.
are cancelled.
Dad won't be able to come back.
We repeat.
The entire planet has been left
without Internet indefinitely.
Mom? Mom!
Hello!
Mom!
What?
Excuse me.
It's like a video game.
All this because of the Internet?
Yes. we're back to the dark ages.
Careful.
Out of the way. Excuse me.
What's going on?
I don't know. The bank is closed.
Excuse me. Careful. Excuse me.
Open the door!
Go. go. go.
Excuse me.
Hey! It doesn't even work!
We have to leave. Here comes a taxi.
Stay here. Taxi!
Here! Taxi! Don't you see me?
Here comes another. Taxi. Taxi!
-Get in.
-Wait. Do you have cash?
How would I have cash
if there are no ATMs working?
What's your deal?
Let's walk. Let's go over there.
Don't leave my side.
No. not here. Let's go over here.
Shit. there's no Internet.
Stay here. Don't move.
Run. run. run!
Careful.
-Let's go over here.
-No. Victoria.
-Yesterday we went left.
-This is another way.
Careful. Stay close and hurry up.
Everyone together. okay? Careful.
There. Don't fall behind. Julián.
Here.
This isn't it. This isn't school.
It's a short stop. okay?
No. What's your deal? No. sorry.
We're still using it.
Find another one.
Don't let go of them. Bring the bikes.
-Where are we going?
-Just a quick stop.
Then we'll go to school.
Excuse me.
Why isn't this line moving?
The cards don't work.
Let's go. Sorry. they're waiting for me.
You can't.
Excuse me. sorry.
Without touching.
There are many people waiting
and bikes don't fit.
-Let's use the stairs.
-Excuse me. Careful.
It's not a lot. How many?
-Fourteen floors.
-We have to go 14 floors?
I'm not going up.
There were 19. not 14.
Nineteen! We're here!
You complained about 14.
Imagine if I had told you 19.
Yeah. I would've complained.
Come here. Wait for me two seconds.
Where did you get that bike?
Do you have Internet?
No. I broke the lock.
My name is Victoria Gallo.
I am a programmer.
And I've been chosen
as head of programming.
We have no information here.
Well someone must have information.
I don't know.
Who is she?
The head of communications.
-Susana.
-Don't speak to me.
-Hello. Cloudsystems?
-Yes.
Hi. I'm Raquel. I'm a programmer.
And I've been chosen
as the new head of programming.
Hi. I'm Victoria. I'm the other candidate.
-The other one.
-Yes. the other one.
Excuse me.
Excuse me. who can we speak to?
The chief of staff.
Where is his office?
There. you can stand in line if you like.
-The tone is back. What do I do?
-Call 103.
-Excuse me.
-I'd like to ask...
-Yeah. me too.
But I asked first. Mine is short.
Who is the new head of programming?
The info is in an email
you sent last night.
You'll have to wait
for the Internet to come back.
If it comes back.
I'm going to talk to Ricardo.
-Ricardo?
-Yes.
Excuse me. who is Ricardo?
Maybe he can help.
Clara? Julián?
Clara?
Clara! Julián!
Clara!
Clara! Clara! Julián!
Hey. stop!
Stop! What are you doing?
Where are you going?
-To Dad's house.
-Why?
What do you mean "Why"?
Look around. The world has gone to shit.
And all you care about is work.
It was for a bit. Now we'll go to school.
How will we go to school now?
-Why not?
-Because it's late.
You're left without Internet.
We're left without a mom.
No. sorry. Your nephew and niece.
according to you.
You're exaggerating. We're even then.
You never call me mom
and I gave birth to you.
-It's the only thing you did.
-That's not true.
I pay attention to you and what you do.
I "like" all your posts.
Mom. we love you.
not your likes or any of that.
I didn't know you didn't like it.
You didn't tell me.
I won't "like" anymore. No more.
There's no Internet.
How could you give me a like?
Okay.
We're stressed. Let's calm down a bit.
We'll go to the store
and buy something delicious.
We won't go to school
because it's way too late.
We'll talk about it at home. Okay?
-Okay.
Let's go. It's getting very dangerous.
Let's go somewhere safer.
Julián. careful. No. Get down.
Excuse me. What's going on?
The cards aren't working.
So you have to take everything
without paying.
Lucho. let go of that. It's vegan.
Meat.
-Lucho. bring some wine.
-White or red?
Whichever. I'll be in the parking lot.
Okay. Let's go to the dairy section.
I'm lactose intolerant.
You're too young to be so intolerant.
But I eat tofu.
But tofu isn't food.
Grab whatever. Quickly.
You go for breakfast foods.
I'll get dairy.
-Stay together.
-Julián.
Mine. mine.
Leave that!
Sorry.
I'm not stealing.
I have no problem paying.
But the cards don't work.
I'll put everything back. Here.
I'm missing cheese and milk. Thank you.
-Are you okay?
-Yes. I'm okay.
I'll take the cheese
because it's the last one.
The milk is yours. Give me the cheese.
I saw it first.
Tie your shoes or else you might fall.
Okay. thanks.
Faster.
I love coming to the grocery store!
Yes. it's good.
MAIL LOADING
YOU ARE NOT CONNECTED
I never thought I'd be without
Internet this long.
Me neither. Two days seems like a ton.
I've never not had Internet.
I never thought Internet could run out.
And how will you go to school?
We have a way. but I can't tell you.
We stole some bikes. Look.
Bye! Have a good day!
I gave you lunch. Julián.
A can of tuna with a can opener.
Kisses!
Victoria!
Careful! Excuse me!
FACE TO FACE
NOTIFICATIONS
Multiply by negative 2. that gives us
a total of negative 34.
The numerical operation goes like this.
Negative two. open parenthesis.
five plus. open parenthesis.
four. open parenthesis.
six minus. open parenthesis.
two to the power of four
minus one. close parenthesis.
divided by three. close parenthesis.
minus. open double parentheses.
square root of nine.
plus seven. close parenthesis.
divided by ten. close parenthesis.
times eight. close parenthesis.
Very simple.
So. negative two. open parenthesis.
Five plus four plus eight.
Why? Because I bring down the five.
Four times one. four.
And the eight goes here.
Since they're negative.
the answer is positive.
And. for that. five plus four
plus eight gives us 17.
And we multiply that by minus two.
This gives us a total of minus 34.
Do you understand?
Negative two. open parenthesis...
I want to know what's going on
with Clara. but she won't talk.
There?
Yes. a little lower. There.
I don't know.
maybe it's because of her crush.
-What crush?
-Tommy.
Tommy who?
The surfer.
-What surfer?
-Her admirer.
I think she's sad
because she can't talk to him.
Why didn't she tell me?
She doesn't talk to me!
I'm lucky to get her
to answer my audio messages.
There. Send her an audio message.
We don't have Internet. How?
-Can we change the subject?
-Okay.
I left a bowl.
so people can pin things here.
For example. here.
I NEED A MATH TEACHER
URGENT: APT 75
This too. That. there.
Like a notification. so people know.
What time do the kids get out?
At 3:00. Why?
No. no reason. Since it's 3:05.
Shit!
-Vicky!
-What?
-The bike!
-Shit!
It's here.
Sorry!
Sorry. I was running late.
I had no way to tell you.
Let's go before the teacher shows up.
Finally! Are you okay?
Yes. We're running late. yes. Let's go.
I'm worried about your son.
Julián was a disaster today in geometry.
Geometry. It depends what angle
you look at it from.
Think about that. Let's go. It's late.
Bye. teacher!
Bye.
Don't leave the bikes.
You have to bring them.
Who moved the sign?
Excuse me.
There.
-Are you from apartment 75?
-Yes.
You need math classes?
-You know who can help you?
-Who?
Rigoberto. from apartment 77.
The owner of the hardware store
around the corner.
My grandson was about to fail
and he saved him.
Now he's an engineer and lives in Toronto.
Toronto. Canada.
Can I help you. dear?
No. it's fine.
Slowly but surely.
Engineer?
1967.
The Math Olympiad in Buenos Aires.
The boy on the right is me.
I didn't know there was a Math Olympiad.
-There is a lot of ignorance.
-Yes. a lot.
Math is beautiful.
It really is. but it's very discredited
because it has gotten a bad rap.
Yes.
I'd give anything to teach a class
in front of a crowd. Don't touch!
They don't listen because they're
wrapped up in their phones all day
and don't do anything
but look at their phones. Please!
In my time. it was drugs.
Now it's the Internet.
They don't realize it kills brain cells.
so they do poorly in school.
And you know who's to blame? The parents!
They must take responsibility
for their children's education.
It's logical.
Yes. that's why I'm here.
I wanted to ask you if you could
teach math to my son.
No!
No. I don't have enough time.
But just a little time. Just the basics.
Addition. subtraction.
Multiplication. The parentheses thing.
And division. And that.
What is the boy's average?
The boy has an average
of 3.55.
And math drives him crazy.
Well. then I can't say no.
-Really?
-Yes.
Thank you. Rigoberto.
I really appreciate it.
Hey. your apartment is very beautiful.
It's like being in a museum.
It has so much...
-You have a landline!
-Of course.
-Does it work?
-Don't touch!
-Sorry.
-Of course it does.
I used to have carrier pigeons.
but they died.
A cat ate the last one.
Really?
No. It's a joke.
-You like a surfer?
-Damn. Ángela. what a loud mouth.
No. I swear it wasn't your cousin.
Then who was it?
Me. my maternal instinct. I'm your mom.
I'd like to talk.
so that I know what's going on with you.
You've never given me advice in person.
The only thing you do is send messages
with excuses or some dumb meme.
Okay.
Hi. Clarita. it's your mom.
and I'm sending you this to ask what's up.
What are you doing?
Hi. Clara. it's me again.
You don't need to answer me.
but I want you to know you can trust me.
Kisses.
Is there anything more ridiculous?
Hi. Clara. I'm very excited
to receive your message. I love it.
Even though you find it ridiculous.
but I...
I want to know who you like.
What's going on with this boy?
I want to talk with you. dammit.
Give me a chance.
Even if it's a test period. a free trial.
a seven-day subscription.
If you don't like it. you get a refund.
This is a quick message.
so don't speed it up.
Kisses. bye.
Hi. Vicky.
Look. I'm leaving you this message
to tell you I met someone on Instagram.
He's a surfer. He lives in Arica.
His name is Tommy.
And... I don't know!
He's cute.
He's cute and...
And I like him.
I like him a lot.
But I haven't spoken to him.
I haven't heard from him
since the Internet crashed.
And. I don't know. the truth is
that makes me very anxious.
Clara. I'm very excited
to receive your message.
Two thumbs-up emojis.
I also have some things to tell you.
Open-eyed emoji.
First. Julián is taking classes
from our neighbor
who has a landline. Phone emoji.
I imagine the Arica Surf Association.
surfboard emoji.
also has a landline. and perhaps
they could contact your friend.
Closed-eyed emoji.
If you'd like. we could find out.
I have to go now. Kisses.
Three kissing face emojis.
And then a red heart.
Should I close the door?
No.
Leave it open.
I'm coming.
Dear. why the long face?
You told the man I had an average of 5.5?
He doesn't want to teach me.
No. I told him 3.5.
And that I'm crazy about math?
He misinterpreted me. I said "crazy"
in a bad way. not a good way.
Maybe it's because he's old
and he doesn't hear well.
Don't worry. I'll talk to him.
He went to the hardware store.
I'll go to the hardware store.
And I'll go now. I'll talk to him
and tell him everything. Now.
So. Mr. Luis. what do you need?
Do you remember my aunt Zenaida?
-Yes. of course.
-My aunt.
A very good friend of yours.
Yes. my aunt.
She was like my mother. She...
And what about your mom? Where is she?
She passed away.
I don't believe you. How?
She was doing so well.
-Yes.
-So she wasn't doing so well.
-What do you need?
-That.
She left me a box.
A box about this big.
but with many details!
-Some little things here and there.
-Did it break?
No. And it has some...
-Some drawers.
-No.
Compartments.
And. look. this thing
fell off of one of them.
-The handle? To open it?
-Yes. that thing.
-I have handles.
-You do?
He's talking to me.
Look. here they are.
There are two black ones.
-Two white ones.
-He does a good job.
Of course. I'll take these then.
That's all.
Thanks a lot. Put it on my tab.
-Yes. I'll put it down.
-See you later. Take care.
I'm working. I'm selling things here.
I've come to buy.
-What have you come to buy?
-I've come to buy...
This. I'll take it.
That's not for sale.
Rigoberto. I lied.
I know I shouldn't have.
I admit it. I'm sorry.
Julián hates math.
If he had to choose between math
and eating glass. he'd eat glass.
I'm not making this up.
He really did tell me that.
And what kind of a mom are you?
One who knows she was wrong.
who recognizes that.
and has come to beg
for another opportunity.
I'm not interested.
Leave me alone to my work. please.
Please. Rigoberto.
Fix things with your son first.
I don't live with my kids.
Their father won custody
of them several years ago.
And rightly so because...
Because I'm a disaster.
I now have a real chance to help Julián
and I don't want to waste it.
-Candy?
-No. thank you.
You reject my candy?
-No. I want one.
-Too late.
What if I help you in the hardware store?
Yes. we'll barter.
What do you mean?
It's an exchange.
We both do something for each other.
I know what it means.
But what will we barter?
We'll barter time.
You'll spend a few hours helping Julián.
and in exchange.
I'll spend many hours here helping you.
You're not cut out for this job.
-Because I'm a woman?
-No.
This job is about relating to clients.
and you can't even relate to your kids.
Give me a test period.
Let's do a seven-day trial.
Like a streaming platform subscription.
Yes. that may work.
If you don't like it. the deal is off.
I'll never bother you again.
You won't have to talk to me.
But I can start now.
I have immediate availability.
What do you say?
No.
What do you mean "no"?
I NEED SOMEONE TO BUY MEDICINE.
APARTMENT 71
Because it's already been seen.
I don't know who's idea it was...
There you go. Mrs. Lucila.
They're all there. except this.
But they'll have it tomorrow.
Thank you so much. sweetie. God bless you.
If you need anything. let me know.
I need one for anxiety.
but I don't have a prescription.
Those have a red star. so I can't get it.
But if you get it. I'll buy it.
ALARM
TODAY 11 AM AT THE HARDWARE STORE
Most customers come to talk.
-You have to talk.
-You told me.
I understand. You told me many times.
Don't worry. I'll do it.
You think you can handle it on your own?
Relax. I've got this.
I'm at my best and full of energy. Look.
Yes. two what?
-No. not two. V for Victoria.
-For Victoria.
-So you can do it then?
-Yes.
Yes.
-Good luck.
-Okay.
Now then. Julián.
Why do you want to study math?
So I don't flunk?
Yes. that's right.
It's good for not flunking.
But it's also good
for developing intelligence.
to sharpen critical thinking...
Shoes.
Julián!
Are you interested in understanding math
or this is just about passing the class?
Passing the class.
Okay.
MATH FOR DUMMIES
-Hello.
-How are you?
-Good. thanks.
How may I help you? What do you need?
Honestly.
I need a husband.
Yes. but I'm asking
about the hardware store.
Since we're in one.
do you need anything from here?
Paintbrushes.
I like that green one.
-Do you want to see it? You want it?
-No.
I was just saying I like it.
Same with the screwdrivers. all by size.
So pretty!
Do you want one?
The color discs are so pretty.
One. two. three. four.
There are eight. nine.
You want to see one?
No. what would I do with one of those?
Do you like talking to customers?
I love it.
Mr. Rigoberto. I'm here.
Okay. come in.
Come in.
My sister is here. She wants a favor.
Yes. what is it about?
Hi. yes. it's just that...
I have a friend who is very sick.
And I wanted to know
if I could use your phone.
-Of course. it's right there.
-Yes?
Thank you.
Excuse me. how do I dial?
That's a walkie-talkie
from the war of 1940.
The phone is the other one.
the greenish one below.
Okay.
Did you bring your homework?
Yes. it's here.
Okay.
Let's see.
Wrong.
Wrong. Wrong. No.
This sum here is right.
-Really?
-Good. good!
There's hope.
Wrong. Wrong.
I don't think it works.
What do you mean?
Yes. one moment.
Someone will speak to you.
It seems like your friend's better.
Your friend is at a surf club.
Thank you.
Hello?
Hello!
What are your abilities?
Advanced level of Illustrator.
Photoshop. InDesign. web design.
flyers. packaging. infographics.
vector imaging.
I also work with Google Calendar.
Trello. or Stark.
Can you start today?
-Today?
-Yes.
-Now?
-We're all from the same line of work.
-Really?
Yes. the busgirl over there created a code
to avoid bank scams. The best.
Now she dries dishes.
-And what did you do?
-Me? An influencer.
Thousands of followers. Millions.
-Millions?
-Tons of sponsorships.
I didn't pay for anything.
-What a shame.
-Now I pay for everything.
Right.
Table number seven wants the bill.
Okay. Coming.
-Cristina.
-Yes.
Which is table seven?
Cristina. can you come in tomorrow?
It happens to be my day off.
In the afternoon?
MATH FOR DUMMIES
HARDWARE STORE FOR DUMMIES
Did anyone say ice cream?
One for you and one for you.
It's good.
Ángela. can you cut the onion?
Are you crazy? I'm on my break.
-I'll help you.
-No.
No. Mr. Rigoberto. sit down.
-Can I get you something? Water?
-Wine.
And now... Los Auténticos Decadentes!
I love this song!
I don't know what happens to me
When I'm with you
Your smile hypnotizes me
Your stare disarms me
And there's nothing left of me
I melt like ice in the sun
If you're going to sing. I'm leaving.
I didn't lend you the radio for that.
When we go somewhere I never choose
Because all I want is to go with you
I live to follow you
Like an abandoned dog
That follows you in the street
Say something!
But I'm not your prisoner
And I don't have a robot's soul
There's just something about your face
That I like and it took my heart
I'm not your prisoner
And I don't have a robot's soul
There's just something about your face
That I like and it took my heart
It took. it took. it took my heart
It took my heart
It took. it took my heart
Good!
-Want help?
-Everything is ready.
-Are you crying?
-No. the onion is very strong.
It's so strong.
Silvita. is the broken socket
where you plug the lamp in your room?
No. the lamp in the living room.
The one you bought
on your honeymoon in Paris?
Yes. that one.
I can't believe it! That's a gem! Yes.
This is the standard one.
but this old porcelain socket is better.
-They are very sturdy.
-Okay.
I don't know if I have change.
Don't worry. You can pay me later.
-I'll mark that down.
-Thank you. Vicky.
-I'll be back if I need anything.
-Of course.
You'll have to come back now.
You left your package.
-What package?
-The socket. That's why you came.
-That's why you came.
-Okay.
Vicky. I have to talk to you.
Did you grab a number?
You need to grab a number.
-No one's here.
-We're strict about that.
When it's your turn. we'll talk.
Nine?
Ten?
-Eleven?
-Eleven!
How may I help you?
Some colleagues from the café
gave me confidential information.
-What kind?
-The motherfucking kind.
-I'm listening.
-Okay.
It seems as if one of the satellites
survived the solar explosion
and is sending Internet signals
to several places.
-Motherfucker!
-I told you!
Wait. let me tell you where.
-Where?
-Up north!
-In what part?
-In Belén.
-Where Jesus was born?
-I said the same thing!
Belén is there! Next to Arica!
There it is!
I can't believe it. It's a divine signal.
It's wonderful.
The star of Belén is guiding us.
Jesus' star.
Why do you want to connect?
What's in it for you?
Certainty. Ángela.
I've had uncertainty for days.
I want... No. I need to know
if they gave me the job.
Okay. where is Santiago?
-Here.
-Santiago is here.
Then we will go... Arica. Belén.
That's like 2.500 kilometers to the north?
How will you go? Flights are canceled.
"ANITA"
HARDWARE STORE
Let me see. This!
I have this for special occasions.
Yes. I'm so happy you knocked on my door.
You've helped me with the hardware store
and you've done me an even bigger favor.
Having me teach Julián.
Because for an old man.
well. a mature man like me.
feeling useful is what's most important.
-Cheers.
Is it very strong?
No. it's fine.
I also want to thank you. Rigoberto.
You helping Julián
is very important to me.
-By God!
-Thank you.
I am indebted to you.
Whatever you may need. ask away.
There is something I'd like to ask.
but I'll muster some courage first.
I'm listening.
-Vacation?
Yes. a vacation!
Us. You guys. me. the family.
What's the destination?
It's a surprise.
-Arica.
-Ángela!
-Arica?
-Why Arica?
Because it's pretty.
and I've never been there.
We deserve a good vacation. and also
because Clara will be able to visit
her surfer friend she misses so much.
Enjoy your trip. but I'm not going.
That's not an option. Why?
The test is in a week
and I am not prepared.
How so? With how much you have studied?
I'm 70% prepared.
but the remaining 20% is fundamental.
Don't worry. Someone who can help you
is coming with us.
-Who?
-Rigoberto!
Ángela!
Rigoberto.
-Julián?
-What?
-Do you have your notebooks?
-You think?
You don't. That's why I ask.
-I have them.
-Good.
-Julián. do you have your notebooks?
-Yes. stop asking.
You left behind your notebooks
and your books.
Don't bother him!
Here comes Rigoberto.
How great!
Is this a joke?
It's excellent.
Wow.
-How do you like it?
-It's excellent.
It's a cell.
-No!
-Yes.
Of course. it's enclosed.
There aren't any windows. but...
Wow.
I don't want to travel
in a hardware store van!
Relax. no one will find out.
How are we doing over here?
Great. enjoying the view.
I can describe everything going on.
A red car just passed us.
A car passed us. Many cars passed us.
We are on a bridge.
Bridge. bridge. bridge.
A car passed on the other side.
Highway. highway. truck.
With a trailer.
-Enough. Victoria.
-Enough. Mom.
You can go faster here.
If you want...
Rev up the engine. Surely it'll go faster.
Because if you want to go fast.
you can go fast.
Like a space ship.
I feel like we're moving slowly.
The other cars are going...
The signs always say the maximum speed.
They should put the minimum too
because it's also dangerous.
It can cause rear-end accidents.
At a certain speed. anyone can reach you.
Look. Did you see the turtle?
Shall we pass the granny walking?
Okay. you can do it. Let's go. Rigoberto!
No. we won't reach her.
-Yes?
-Julián needs to go.
Do you want us to stop?
-Yes. obviously.
-Okay.
I'll tell Rigoberto to go faster.
Excuse me!
How wonderful!
With this scenery. who needs the Internet?
-Me.
-And me.
-Me too.
So do you want to go?
-Yes!
-Yes. please.
Let's go then. ungrateful little shits.
-There's nothing here.
-Nothing.
Nothing.
To the van! Let's go!
What a shitty generation.
Hurry up. Toretto! Let's go!
-What happened?
-Nothing.
What are you looking for?
My acne cream. I can't find it.
Are you nervous?
No. why would I be nervous?
I would be nervous.
I'd be thinking the whole time.
"I'm going to meet the boy I like."
"I don't know him well. but I like him."
"And if he doesn't like me?"
"And if he likes me?"
"Do I have to sleep with him?"
"Yes?"
"Do I have to start my sex life this way?"
I understand.
But I want to tell you
your virginity is yours.
It's your body.
Men want to take advantage.
but it's not up to them.
Your body is not a trophy.
If you are up for it.
if you like him. it's fine.
And if you aren't up for it.
it's also perfectly fine.
It's your body. It's your decision.
Okay?
Okay.
-Thank you.
Who wants juice?
-Who wants juice?
-I don't.
Now that we all have juice.
I'd like to make a toast.
I'd like to raise a toast to our driver.
Rigoberto. thanks so much for everything.
-Thank you.
-Cheers.
Speech. speech!
I'm 80 years old.
I never thought I'd travel
with such a strange family.
It's the worst idea I've had in my life.
-Cheers to that!
-Cheers!
Cheers!
-Cheers. cheers.
-Cheers. cheers. cheers!
But give me the exact address.
Clara?
Bitch!
We're going!
-What happened?
-Everything's paid for.
I've hardly eaten!
I'll make you a sandwich.
for the road. Done. now.
I wanted cake.
Let's go. quickly!
Clara!
Bye. we'll talk later.
-I don't talk like that!
-Yes. you do.
He won't realize it.
Rigoberto. get in. for Pete's sake!
Damn.
Vicky.
You're going too fast!
Vicky!
Relax.
Victoria! What's going on?
The surprise I had for you.
Which is?
It's a surprise. I can't tell you.
-What surprise?
-Come on. Tell us.
I told you I have a big surprise.
You're going too fast!
What's going on?
Shit!
WELCOME TO BELÉN
Vicky. what's up?
-I'll be right back.
-Where are you going?
Two minutes. stay here.
-What's going on?
-Two minutes.
Vicky.
-Vicky.
-Victoria.
Rigoberto is here in the back.
Both of you help me.
Rigoberto.
Stretch your legs a little
and get some sun.
Your hand. There.
Mom. Mom!
Do you have a signal?
No. not yet.
I had it before. Now I don't.
Shit. shit. shit!
Mom!
Wait.
-Mom...
-Wait. for Pete's sake!
I want to leave.
Give me a moment.
Surely it's intermittent.
I need a few minutes.
-Let's go. Victoria.
-Come on.
Give me a few minutes.
I'm sure the signal will come.
You're still a shitty mom.
If I was. I would have come alone.
Just five minutes.
Is that too much to ask?
I only want to know if I got the job.
This was your surprise?
It's the job I've dreamed of all my life!
You always complained
that your dad was shitty to you.
Congratulations. you're just like him.
Great! Super great.
Clara!
Jesús!
Excuse me.
-Tell me.
-Please help with the bags.
Yes.
I hope you and your beautiful family
enjoy your stay. Mrs. Victoria.
Thank you.
Rigoberto. your room.
-And the key?
-That's it.
I'll leave you guys
the suite if you'd like.
We're stuck with what's left.
I hate to say "I told you so."
but fuck. I told you so.
-I want to die.
-Stop screwing up.
Don't die here. die in Santiago.
I can't promise anything.
Can I hit the minibar?
Beléngate left me anxious.
See you later.
Wait.
You wanted another opportunity.
You got it and you threw it away.
-Rigoberto.
-Listen to me.
My wife. Ana. and I
always wanted to have kids...
It wasn't possible because. anyway...
And now that I see you.
I ask myself again
why do some people.
even if they are unprepared.
get to bring kids into the world.
What kind of mother do your kids deserve?
The answer lies with you.
Are you sure this is the key?
Yes. like this.
Mom!
What?
-Clara's not here!
-What?
She's not anywhere!
Clara!
-Clara!
-Look for her there.
Excuse me.
I'm looking for my daughter.
Have you seen her?
Have you seen this girl?
She's not there.
This is my daughter.
Did you see her?
-Yes.
-Where?
No. I didn't see her.
-We could ask Jesús.
-Yes. ask him.
Jesús!
Bro! I started getting Whatsapp messages!
The Internet is up!
Don't tell me! Wait!
-There's Internet!
-We have Internet!
It's true. We have Internet.
VICTORIA
CALLING
Vicky. she's back!
-Clara?
-No. the Internet.
What happened to Clara?
-She's not here.
-She's nowhere.
What? Did you call her?
Fifty times. She's not answering.
Let me track her.
She must be at the party.
-What party?
-The surf party.
-Who told you that?
-Clara.
-When?
-In Santiago.
You tell me now?
You just asked me.
How could I ask?
-How would I have known?
-I found her.
She's there! She appeared.
No. Vicente! Just now.
Hello? Vicente. I'm super busy.
I'll call you later. Bye.
-Dad!
-Excuse me.
I'm not in the mood to talk
to my stupid ex-husband.
For the love of God. I can hear you.
-Sorry!
-Is it that hard to hang up?
I don't know. I have a problem.
I hang up. but my fingers are short
or sweaty and it doesn't hang up.
Let's worry about this first.
Clara's here.
Stay with Rigoberto.
We will go look for her.
What's the point? There's Internet.
I don't care.
Hello!
I'm looking for Tommy.
You're not the only one.
Don't be mean.
He's around here.
Thank you.
Hey. guys! The Internet is back!
Tommy!
-Clara.
-Hey. How are you?
I'll introduce you to everyone.
Guys. this is Clara.
She came from Santiago.
so let's give her a warm welcome.
Yeah!
Do you want something to drink? A beer?
A rum. a vodka. a piscola?
-Beer.
-Beer?
I'll go look for one inside.
-Damn!
-What?
Clara turned off her GPS.
But I saw where she was.
Excuse me!
Careful!
What's up?
-Here's your beer.
-I don't want it.
This is Rosario.
-Hi. Clara.
-Hello.
She came from Santiago to the party.
No.
No. I came to see you.
That's what we agreed on.
No. there's a misunderstanding.
What's up?
I don't know. I barely know her.
You are disgusting.
Did you invite me to laugh at me?
You're a liar. You don't care about me.
You were fooling me.
-Relax.
-What?
You invite me here
and now you won't even look at me!
Didn't you want to get to know me?
No. you misunderstood.
You know how far I traveled to see you?
You haven't changed.
You're the same as always.
-You're still an asshole.
-What?
You promised us a vacation.
You made us think you cared.
We gave you a chance. I gave you a chance.
-What are you talking about?
-Go to hell!
Hello?
Are you sure?
Okay. I'll be right over.
Mr. Rigoberto. I...
Tommy? Are you Tommy?
Tommy?
-Tommy?
-Are you Tommy?
Where is he? Who is Tommy?
-Tommy?
-Yes.
Hey. are you Tommy?
No. he is.
-You?
-Yes. what's going on now?
Where's Clara?
-Dumb chick.
-What do you mean?
She's my daughter. Where is Clara?
I don't know. She left.
I haven't seen her since.
Where's the girl. idiot?
She's not a girl. She's 18.
She's not 18. She's 15.
So you're either a jerk or a pervert.
She left like 20 minutes ago.
I don't know her.
I don't even know who you are.
Stop saying that. I've always been there.
Perhaps I haven't been so close.
but I've tried.
It's always been easier
and more comfortable to live with Dad.
My dad left when I was little.
Who took care of you?
My mom.
Your mom!
Where?
He left a while ago. My mom said he left
in the morning and he never came back.
Where did Clara go?
I have no idea.
She didn't say where she went.
Let's go.
Couple of idiots!
Relax.
Remember who took care of you. Your mom!
Assholes!
Relax.
-Walk to the hotel.
-Why?
If Clara is there.
you'll take care of her.
You think she'll be there?
No. but just in case.
Fine. but think about
where she'd feel safe.
Vicente's house.
Excuse me!
Excuse me. have you seen this girl?
Have you seen this girl?
Have you seen this girl around here? No?
No?
Has this girl bought a ticket here?
No.
-Yes.
-Yes?
A while ago. She was with a boy.
A boy? What time does the bus leave?
Five minutes ago.
Ma'am! The bicycle!
Shit!
Sorry!
Get lost. idiot!
-Sorry!
-Crazy lady! You broke the mirror!
Sorry!
How many are there? How many? Sorry.
CLOUDSYSTEMS
CONNECTING YOU EVEN ON THE MOON
Oh. shit!
Shit. something's wobbling.
I'm too old for this!
Shit. they're both the same!
Julián!
Clara!
Is that Mom?
How could that be Mom?
It's really Mom. She came looking for us.
What's your deal? Are you crazy?
Clara! Julián!
We're here!
How did you know where we were?
I didn't know.
But you still found us.
I need you to get off the bus.
We have a schedule.
I know. Give me a few minutes.
It won't take long.
I've spent a lot of time
disconnected from you two.
I've lied to you.
I tricked you to bring you up north.
And it's true I denied
that you were my children.
Not for long. but I did it.
And something happened.
Something happened
when the Internet went down...
I felt that we were connected.
And I screwed up.
I screwed up again.
I do that. I screw up.
And it kills me because...
I feel like I'm the worst mom
that you could get.
But you got me the best math teacher.
That's not enough. dear.
It all adds up.
When I was your age. I was bad at math.
I think I was worse.
But there are certain numbers
that I never forget.
You were born at 4:42 a.m.
You weighed 4.569 kilograms.
A chubby baby.
You were 51 centimeters.
Your first steps were
at 11 months. 3 days old.
And your first word was "abuyebadaba."
"Abuyebadaba." I have no idea
what it means. We never knew.
And I was rebellious like you. Clara.
More than you were.
You are a great girl.
I...
I fought with my mom a lot too.
I ran away several times.
I messed around with guys like Tommy.
who's a jerk.
He's cute. but he's a jerk.
I know I've made a lot of mistakes.
And I regret them all.
But there's something I will never regret.
Having the two of you.
You're the most wonderful things
that have ever happened.
And I'd love for us to be more connected.
Ma'am. please.
Do you not realize this is important?
Are you guys in a hurry too?
-No. no.
-Thanks.
Thanks. This is important to me.
I don't know. Tell me.
What do you feel?
I want to know what's going on.
I don't know what happens to me
When I'm with you
Your smile hypnotizes me
Your stare disarms me
And there's nothing left of me
I melt
Like ice in the sun
I love you two with all my heart.
We know that...
Mom.
And now can we go?
You wanted windows? Now you have them.
I can't see.
So many colors.
Well. yes. so... one color per side!
First. congratulations.
-Thank you!
-Because now comes the hardest part.
Yes. and I'm ready.
I'm glad to be a part of Cloudsystems.
And. like I told you. as a programmer
you can count on me 100%.
Perfect. thank you.
Mom. I'm supposed to sleep on top.
I'm in a meeting. Hold on.
I haven't introduced my kids to you.
Julián. Clara. say hi.
You'll understand
that they are my priority.
I'm happy to hear that
because here our kids are our priority.
Then you'll understand I have to hang up
because Julián has a very important test.
We're nervous.
Thank you very much. I'm logging off.
-See you soon.
-Thank you.
Damn. he takes his time!
Here he comes.
Excuse me.
-How did it go?
-Seven.
-Congrats! Was it hard?
-No.
Really? What did they ask?
They're giving away sevens.
"Seven."
Here he comes! Yes.
3.7.
Well. dear.
in life there are highs and lows.
This is the latter. but...
But that gives me an average
of four and I pass the class!
And all thanks to my mom!
I love you!
In your face!
We're happy!
-Family celebration!
-Yes!
Fist bump.
My favorite 3.7.
Translated by
Creative Supervisor